Fix #2413: Add note to docs for creating sn project in mounted directories (#2426)
scala-native/scala-native: docs/user/sbt.rst

    sbt new scala-native/scala-native.g8

.. note:: New project should not be created in `mounted` directories, like external storage devices.

>   Incase of WSL2(Windows Subsystem Linux), windows file system like `C` or `D` drive are percieved as `mounted`. So creating new projects in these location will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the case of WSL2 (Windows Subsystem Linux), Windows file system drives like `C` or `D` are perceived as `mounted`. So creating new projects in these locations will not work.
```

>   In wsl2 environment, creating new project wsl2 file path work. e.g /home/<USER>/sn-projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the WSL2 environment, it is recommended to create projects in the user files path, e.g /home/<USER>/sn-projects.
```
